Converted 55 files from nroff to markdown (#8263)
open-mpi/ompi: ompi/mpi/man/man3/MPI_File_create_errhandler.md

# Name

MPI_File_create_errhandler  - Creates an MPI-style error handler
that can be attached to a file.

# Syntax

## C Syntax

```c
#include <mpi.h>

int MPI_File_create_errhandler(MPI_File_errhandler_function *function,

    MPI_Errhandler *errhandler)
```

## Fortran Syntax

```fortran
USE MPI
! or the older form: INCLUDE 'mpif.h'

MPI_FILE_CREATE_ERRHANDLER(FUNCTION, ERRHANDLER, IERROR)
    EXTERNAL    FUNCTION
    INTEGER    ERRHANDLER, IERROR
```

## Fortran 2008 Syntax

```fortran
USE mpi_f08

MPI_File_create_errhandler(file_errhandler_fn, errhandler, ierror)
    PROCEDURE(MPI_File_errhandler_function) :: file_errhandler_fn
    TYPE(MPI_Errhandler), INTENT(OUT) :: errhandler
    INTEGER, OPTIONAL, INTENT(OUT) :: ierror
```

# Deprecated Type Name Note

> MPI-2.2 deprecated the `MPI_File_errhandler_fn` and
> `MPI::file::Errhandler_fn` types in favor of `MPI_File_errhandler_function`
> and `MPI::File::Errhandler_function`, respectively. Open MPI supports both
> names (indeed, the `_fn` names are typedefs to the `_function` names).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MPI-2.2 deprecated the `MPI_File_errhandler_fn` type in favor of
`MPI_File_errhandler_function`. Open MPI supports both
names (indeed, the `_fn` names are typedefs to the `_function` names).
```

I manually removed the C++ names, which are long gone / deleted out of Open MPI.
